fix(tracing): Fix dangling modifiers (#3215)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/performance/enable-automatic-instrumentation/javascript.mdx

> After configuration, you will see both `pageload` and `navigation` transactions in sentry.io.

Reviewer: Small fix to formatting of sentry.io so that it's a link

```suggestion
After configuration, you will see both `pageload` and `navigation` transactions in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).
```

Author: Not really meant to be a link - more meant to be talking about it as a general idea. Lemme change to "the Sentry UI."

> After configuration, you will see both `pageload` and `navigation` transactions in sentry.io.

Author: ```suggestion
After configuration, you will see both `pageload` and `navigation` transactions in the Sentry UI.
```
